Hibernation: requires swap partition
Suspend: bug where bluetooth adapter blocks suspend (disable suspend on
battery?) or: https://pobe.ga/posts/intel-9260-suspend/

amdgpu driver

tlp-radio wizard: for if you want to disable other network devices when others
are connected

chrony

"
...
FONT=sun12x22
"
>> /etc/vconsole.conf

Install Steps:
1. usb
2. setfont sun12x22
3. wifi-menu
4. timedatectl set-ntp true
5. find disks: lsblk
6. partition:
  1. /boot 512MiB
  2. /swap 16GB
  3. / rest encrypted w/ LUKS straight on a partition
  4. parted
7. encrypt /
  1. cryptsetup -y -v luksFormat /dev/rootpartion
  2. cryptsetup open /dev/rootpartition cryptroot
  3. mkfs.ext4 /dev/mapper/cryptroot
  4. mount /dev/mapper/cryptroot /mnt
  5. test:
    1. umount /mnt
    2. cryptsetup close cryptroot
    3. cryptsetup open /dev/slkdjfslkd cryptroot
    4. mount /dev/mapper/cryptroot /mnt
8. format boot partition:
  1. mkfks.fat -F32 /dev/bootpart
  2. mkdir /mtn/boot
  3. mount /dev/bootpart /mnt/boot
9. init swap:
  1. mkswap /dev/swapdev
  2. swapon /dev/swapdev (todo: make sure this turns on swap after boot)
10. push US mirrors to top of /etc/pacman.d/mirrorlist
11. pacstrap /mnt base linux linux-firmware
12. genfstab -U /mnt >> /mnt/etc/fstab
13. TODO: double check discards disabled for nvme
14. arch-chroot /mnt
15. ln -sf /usr/share/zoneinfo/US/Central /etc/localtime
16. hwclock --sysohc
17. echo "en_US.UTF-8 UTF-8" >> /etc/locale.gen
18. locale-gen
19. echo "LANG=en_US.UTF-8" >> /etc/locale.conf
20. echo "FONT=sun12x22" >> /etc/vconsole.conf
21. echo "furiosa" > /etc/hostname
22. echo -e '127.0.1.1\tfuriosa'
23. sudo pacman -Syu networkmanager amd-ucode
24. sudo systemctrl enable NetworkManger.service
25. add keyboard/encrypt to mkinitcpio.conf:
  1. HOOKS=(base udev autodetect keyboard consolefont modconf block encrypt filesystems fsck)
  2. mkinitcpio -p
26. install bootloader:
  1. bootctl --path=boot install :
  2. auto update booter:
    ```
    cat <<EOT >> /etc/pacman.d/hooks/100-systemd-boot.hook
    [Trigger]
    Type = Package
    Operation = Upgrade
    Target = systemd

    [Action]
    Description = Updating systemd-boot
    When = PostTransaction
    Exec = /usr/bin/bootctl update
    EOT
    ```
  3. loader config:
    ```
    cat <<EOT >> /boot/loader/loader.conf
    default	arch
    timeout	4
    console-mode	max
    editor	no
    EOT
    ```
  4. mkdir /boot/loader/entries
  5. add arch loader
    ```
    cat <<EOT >> /boot/loader/entries/arch.conf
    title Arch Linux
    linux /vmlinuz-linx
    initrd /boot/amd-ucode.img
    initrd /initramfs-linux.img
    options cryptdevice=<UUID>:cryptroot root=/dev/mapper/cryptroot
    EOT
    ```
27. set root password w/ passwd
28. reboot
29. manually set up wifi connection:
  1. nmcli device wifi list
  2. nmcli device wifi connect <SSID> password password
30. useradd -m -G wheel carter
31. passwd carter
32. visudo add: %wheel<TAB>ALL=(ALL) ALL
33. verify carter can sudo
34. passwd -l root
35. sudo pacman -Syu git
36. //login as carter
37. mkdir aur
38. cd aur
39. git clone https://aur.archlinux.org/yay.git
40. cd yay
41. makepkg -si
42. yay -Syu xorg xf86-video-amdgpu mesa lib32-mesa? xf86-input-libinput firefox
    alacritty fzf gotop htop i3-gaps base-devel neovim polybar rofi python-pywal
    xclip xdg-utils pulseaudio chrony networkmanager-dispatcher-chrony
43. add chrony config:
  ```
  cat <<EOT >> /etc/chrony.conf
  server 0.north-america.pool.ntp.org offline
  server 1.north-america.pool.ntp.org offline
  server 2.north-america.pool.ntp.org offline
  server 3.north-america.pool.ntp.org offline
  EOT
  ```
44. sudo systemctl disable systemd-timesyncd.service
45. sudo systemctl enable chronyd.service
46. verify monitor detected correctly:
  1. xdpyinfo | grep -B 2 resolution
47. echo "Xft.dpi: 180" >> ~/.Xresources
48. 

TODO: networkmanager passwords in keyring
TODO: make maintainance doc
TODO: firewall
TODO: sound card
TODO: powermanagement
TODO: webcam
TODO: follow fingerprint reader progress
TODO: HiDPI
TODO: fwupd

